laba;maglaba;naglaba;naglalaba;maglalaba;to do laundry
laro;maglaro;naglaro;naglalaro;maglalaro;to play
linis;maglinis;naglinis;naglilinis;maglilinis;to clean
alala;magalala;nagalala;nagaalala;magaalala;to worry
trabaho;magtrabaho;nagtrabaho;nagtatrabaho;magtatrabaho;to work
salita;magsalita;nagsalita;nagsasalita;magsasalita;to speak
usap;mag-usap;nag-usap;nag-uusap;mag-uusap;to talk
isip;mag-isip;nag-isip;nag-iisip;mag-iisip;to think
aral;mag-aral;nag-aral;nag-aaral;mag-aaral;to learn (in a class)
away;mag-away;nag-away;nag-aaway;mag-aaway;to fight with each other
abot;mag-abot;nag-abot;nag-aabot;mag-aabot;to hand over
luto;magluto;nagluto;nagluluto;magluluto;to cook
bihis;magbihis;nagbihis;nagbibihis;magbibihis;to change clothes
basa;magbasa;nagbasa;nagbabasa;magbabasa;to read
inom;mag-inom;nag-inom;nag-iinom;mag-iinom;to drink (alcohol)
sulat;magsulat;nagsulat;nagsusulat;magsusulat;to write
sipilyo;magsipilyo;nagsipilyo;nagsisipilyo;magsisipilyo;to brush teeth
kita;magkita;nagkita;nagkikita;magkikita;to meet together
suot;magsuot;nagsuot;nagsusuot;magsusuot;to wear
suklay;magsuklay;nagsuklay;nagsusuklay;magsusuklay;to brush one's hair
lakad;maglakad;naglakad;nalalakad;maglalakad;to walk
maneho;magmaneho;nagmaneho;nagmamaheno;magmamaneho;to drive
bayad;magbayad;nagbayad;nagbabayad;magbabayad;to pay
benta;magbenta;nagbenta;nagbebenta;magbebenta;to sell
hukay;maghukay;naghukay;naghuhukay;maghuhukay;to dig
dasal;magdasal;nagdasal;nagdadasal;magdadasal;to pray
sara;magsara;nagsara;nagsasara;magsasara;to close
turo;magturo;nagturo;nagtuturo;magtuturo;to teach
dala;magdala;nagdala;nagdadala;magdadala;to bring
alis;mag-alis;nag-alis;nag-aalis;mag-aalis;to remove
dagdag;magdagdag;nagdagdag;nagdadagdag;magdadagadag;to add
bawas;magbawas;nagbawas;nagbabawas;magbabawas;to reduce