takbo;tumakbo;tumakbo;tumatakbo;tatakbo;to run
langoy;lumangoy;lumangoy;lumalangoy;lalangoy;to swim
punta;pumunta;pumunta;pumupunta;pupunta;to go
tigil;tumigil;tumigil;tumitigil;titigil;to stop
sunod;sumunod;sumunod;sumusunod;susunod;to obey
ngiti;ngumiti;ngumiti;ngumingiti;ngingiti;to smile
tawa;tumawa;tumawa;tumatawa;tatawa;to laugh
iyak;umiyak;umiyak;umiiyak;iiyak;to cry
bili;bumili;bumili;bumibili;bibili;to buy
baril;bumaril;bumaril;bumabaril;babaril;to shoot
talon;tumalon;tumalon;tumatalon;tatalon;to jump
hipo;humipo;humipo;humihipo;hihipo;to touch
sunog;sumunog;sumunog;sumusunog;susunog;to burn
putok;pumutok;pumutok;pumuputok;puputok;to explode
upo;umupo;umupo;umuupo;uupo;to sit
tayo;tumayo;tumayo;tumatayo;tatayo;to stand
higa;humiga;humiga;humihiga;hihiga;to lie down
sayaw;sumayaw;sumayaw;sumasayaw;sasayaw;to dance
gising;gumising;gumising;gumigising;gigising;to wake up
kanta;kumanta;kumanta;kumakanta;kakanta;to sing
bilang;bumilang;bumilang;bumibilang;bibilang;to count
sulat;sumulat;sumulat;sumusulat;susulat;to write
liko;lumiko;lumiko;lumiliko;liliko;to turn
gawa;gumawa;gumawa;gumugawa;gagawa;to do
laki;lumaki;lumaki;lumulaki;lalaki;to grow big
guhit;gumuhit;gumuhit;gumuguhit;guguhit;to draw
sira;sumira;sumira;sumisira;sisira;to destroy
uga;umuga;umuga;umuuga;uuga;to shake
palo;pumalo;pumalo;pumapalo;papalo;to spank
likha;lumikha;lumikha;lumilikha;lilikha;to create
bawas;bumawas;bumawas;bumabawas;babawas;to reduce